Reweight (#450)
PolicyEngine/policyengine: CHANGELOG.md

This repo consists of two packages - the React client and the Python server. A change to either repo should trigger an update in the versions for both to ensure a consistent changelog in this repo.

## [1.11.1] - 2022-02-04

### Changed

> * GP manifesto policy extends the higher rate threshold to £50,000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* UK Green Party manifesto policy extends the higher rate threshold to £50,000.
```
